Add a configuration / command line option to enable SQLite write-ahead logging (#405)
eqlabs/pathfinder: README.md

# to service the `starknet_call` JSON-RPC method and their number limits the maximal
# number of call requests that can be processed in parallel. Defaults to 2.
python-subprocesses = 2

> # Whether to enable SQLite write-ahead logging. Defaults to false for
> # now but this will be changed to true eventually.
> enable-sqlite-wal = false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Whether to enable SQLite write-ahead logging. Defaults to false but we reserve the right to
# change this in the future. Will likely default to true soon, but if you **want** a specific behavior
# you should always set this.
enable-sqlite-wal = false
```

Reviewer: Or something along those lines 🤷‍♂️
